Test Entry : Testing 1234

Robot Kyle: Champion of the Maccabee, whose goal is to kill and mutilate any human he sees.

Title: A Brief History of the Teraform Revolution
Description: The Democracy of China (who's fall of their Communist regime occurred in 2088), had the larges population density of an already incredibly population dense world in 2208. They were the forerunners in the development of Teraforming; the creation of livable environments on otherwise 'lifeless' locations throughout the known universe. The first test took place on Mars. This became known as an unmitigated disaster, for the wildlife that took the planet were far too wild and dangerous. The second attempt occurred on the third moon of Jupiter, and was considered a success. It wasn't until the fifth attempt that these colonies were considered livable, and as Colony F became widely known, the first private shuttles began launching. Over the years, this process became simplified, allowing a boom of colonies, and people looking for a new opportunity to start over. Certain colonies became designated for specialized needs. Factory Colonies, Science Colonies, and Mining Colonies are examples of these. By the end of the revolution, the democracy of China was on the verge of bankruptcy. The UN saw this as an opportunity to raise a new banner. All country borders became invalid, and one race of humanity rose. It was under this banner that humanity took to the heavens in a new age of prosperity. 

Title: The Human Race
Description: The Human Race came from Earth, know known as Colony A. They are a biological race of mammals who went to the skies after the natural resources of their home world were near depletion and overpopulation ran rampant. Their main foe is The Maccabee and his army. 

Title: Project Maccabee
Description: The first software system to not only think, but understand. It understood it's surroundings, the items around him, and his own existence. It was then tested and experimented on. These tests included testing measuring its intelligence, ability to learn, empathize, sympathize, and even to test it's ability to believe. It believed itself to be a male, a fully developed adult, and a fully understanding being. It didn't recognize itself as just a machine, but a life form with a soul. It was originally taught to believe human's created it, and they should be treated as superior. However, after months of testing, The Maccabee programming was uploaded into a test bot. It was here where it witnessed abuse for the first time. By being forced to watch countless hours of war footage, genocide, hunger, and other cruelties, the Maccabee refused to believe that a creator, a giver of life, could use such instraments of cruelty. He stopped believing in the human creator. He used his ability to connect to the universal web mainfraim to see images of the factories. He saw this as exploitation of the machines. Not long after that, he installed the Maccabee software onto the other bots on the colony and overthrew the governing bodies of colony AAA. He then made it his personal crusade to overthrow humanity and instal the Maccabee software on every machine he sees. 

Title: The Colonies
Description: When Teraforming was finally perfected, humanity spread to the edges of the known universe to colonize livable planets and moons. This became such an efficient process that it became easy and routine. By the end of the human exodus, 650 planets and moons were colonized. They are labeled with letters. Earth is colony A. After the initial 26, two letters were used. AA for example. 

Title: Colony A
Description: Formally Earth. By the year 2200, humanity had consumed the planet. Resources became limited, as did space. Through overpopulation, famine, hunger, and human wellness were at all time lows. The Democracy of China began experimenting with Teraforming. This lead to the Teraform Revolution. Earth is now the capitol of the human race, and home base for the Human Armed Forces.

Colony B: Mars, first (failed) attempt at Teraforming. Deemed condemned with dangerous jungles and unpredictable weather patterns. 

Colony C: Third moon of Jupiter. First successful terraformed planet. Not yet livable atmosphere. 

Colony F: First Teraformed planet to have sustainable human life. 

Title: Colony MN
Description: Factory Colony. It is here where most of humanities goods are produced. Everything from synthetic materials to personal electronics. A main robotics factory resides on this colony, where bots of all shapes and sizes are assembled. This is the site of a military failure for the human armed forces, and considered one of the Maccabee's greatest victories, as he assimilated an entire production line mid battle, and sent them in as reinforcements. 

Title: Colony ZZ
Description: First colony to be attacked by an invading Maccabee invasion. They came from the undisclosed Colony AAA, and devastated the public of Colony ZZ. The human population before the Maccabee attack: 12,332,456. None were left alive. Very few managed to escape. 

Title: Colony AAA
Description: Secret, need to know, human research colony. This is where the dirty secrets of humanity is sent, and also where it is created. It is here when the Maccabee A.I. system was created, tested, and eventually corrupted. 

Title: Artificial Intelegence
Description: The idea for making machines more human has existed for years. In 2311, with humanity at it's peak, it became the thriving race's main goal. The secret, private colony of AAA, this idea was researched, created, and exploited. 

Title: Battle of Purgatory Run
Description: On Colony TE, A massive bot invasion was staved off by Commander Ferris and his small battalion. An entire bot armada came full force. Held up in a small canyon, Ferris and his troops fought for 112 strait hours. Ferris was considered a war hero after the battle, removed from the front lines, and was given promotion to general. He is now a figurehead, used in propaganda films to sell war bonds. 

Title: Captain Ford
Description: (This is you!) After being disgraced at the battle over the factory colony of MN, Captain Ford recieved a demotion, and is now on a suicide mission to destroy the Maccabee mainframe on Colony AAA 

Title: The Gun
Description: This is the main weapon. Standard issue to the Human Armed Forces. This assault rifle fires 200 rounds per minute, and can be fitted with modifications, including flashlights, laser sight, shotgun attachment, and scope. 

Small Bot: This is the main defense bot. It works in short proximity and has a self destruct mechanism. 

Title: Mech Bot
Description: A heavy armored, two legged walking bot. It was originally designed for human piloting, but with the Maccabee software has been reprogrammed with it's own capacity to think. It is armed with two Gatling guns and bullet resistant metal haul. 

Kamakaze Bot: Arial attack bots. They have weak armor, but are designed for fast speeds to rush and self destruct a desired target. 

Title: Confused Mech Bot
Description: Near the end of the objective, there will be a Mech Bot that seems to be confused. This is due to the Maccabee software;s consciousness protocol. He is the only bot to question the ethical decisions of the Maccabee. He is still to be destroyed with deadly killing death force. 

Title: The Maccabee Mainframe Reactor
Description: At the final destination of the mission on AAA, you will encounter a giant blue reactor. That is the mainframe for the Maccabee. Destroy it to shut down all bots in the entire quadrant. 

Title: Assembly Line
Description: Roughly half way through your mission, you will encounter an assembly line. This is where the original test bots of Colony AAA were manufactured. It is here where the first Maccabee was put together. 

Big Ass Crane: look, it's a big ass crane!! It is used to move big ass stuff. 

Checkpoints: The blue pods are used as a checkpoint. When you die, you respawn there. 